day one even monsters 20 seen is done um
I know nothing this is not my field at
all I am a galaxy's person and everybody
really cares about the AGN that's in the
center of the galaxy that active black
hole there's so much so that I heard the
galaxy described as foreground today
which means that they they just finished
still care these people they care about
Bayesian and what it's doing and what
physics is driving it they don't care
about what impact it has on its garrett
see definitely opening my eyes to this
field and how everything that I do where
I care about how the AGN impacts on the
host galaxy ties in with everything the
people here are trying to do so we'll
see how the rest of the week goes but
I'm having fun so far
so it is day two of hidden monsters 2016
another really good day today at a great
review this morning that talked about
unification theory of AGN we've seen
things with active black hole in the
center some of which are obscured by
sort of being accreting material around
it that's dusty and some of which aren't
and I was only instead of like the 1890s
that people realized actually these
objects that we're seeing had kind of
exactly the same thing but we're just
seeing it from a different angle and
that was some evidence recently that
that actually might not be the case and
so the review thought we had this
morning was from someone arguing that it
that he was actually still aligning well
but then this afternoon it came back to
galaxies he's very happy but if you're
much galaxy is mainly because I
understood more and questions I want to
ask but also because that's what I care
about mine it's really cool to focus on
a GNX agent and cool why wouldn't you
want to go a congress that was on just
that okay so it's day three monsters I
monsters president and we found their
afternoon off which is awesome did it
means more random networking opportunity
this is the Connecticut River in
darkness and we're going to do it
so yesterday we had a lot of discussion
about the importance of mergers and
fueling AGN and growing black holes and
how that's all tied together and sort of
a big evolutionary picture and then
today we talked about how really rare
things can tell you more about the
physics of what's going on in AGN
weather really the obscuring is coming
from the accretion disk the sort of
material around that accretion disk is
doing obscuring or whether actually is
the Galaxy itself doing the obscuring
it's the conference center tonight which
is a barbecue or by a lake which I feel
like is a very American thing so I'm
really going forward to that i am
talking tomorrow morning though so i
think i might have to lay off the wine
in there unfortunately is day 5 and it
is towed a wish me luck Dave what was
your favorite part of this conference
final is eNOS be really that's a status
conference is being
a lot of progress in science section 2
discussion is through community truly
important what was your favorite part of
this conference the discussion sessions
I really like the walls we did like we
disagreed about what the questions were
or so about the answer what I do like
about the conference were so serious
that we all hang out with each other in
regard to each other a lot and
discussion all the descriptions excess
is that sessions from you just give me
your friend here I really like the
questionnaires for people like to get
their opinion about
how do you like when people can really
bring up all the very short familiar and
informal context it was very useful and
I really like so we spoke a couple of
hours it was in a test tube of soy great
migration described really liked it when
add young minds if you have all my
society they talking at this locomotive
minuted sock model finding these
immigrants estimator never know about
stadium right on Kazmir backyard really
kind of begs the question how many of
these things will be missing not just in
the dictionary about them really close
to poke hold your favorite part of this
company well the discovery that it's
actually Cookie Monster's responsible
for the disappearing course it's really
good question i think the the long
periods for discussion have been really
great
just to like try to emphasize everything
that's been going on and like getting
into some of the good water or pretty or
any aspects and evolution versus like
Torres observation it's been a lot of
fun what was your favorite part of this
conference I think it's the discussion
session of first day is when you are
trying to we realized that how hard is
that is it is to as the right question
and actually it's very important in what
was your favorite part of this
conference I think was a wide range of
talk so I learned quite a lot about
other areas that movie quite
knowledgeable about especially the
x-rays and all that stuff about new
stuff but interesting for me though
actually I think I like the science
organizers sequence they are not only
covering a large and your survey but
also individual galaxies i think in
video consoles that is very important
and are not only cover the hydration
down to the local brushes and i think
that my most everything here is the
discussion they say check them before
the conference and after the conference
though the discussion the result is
there any different were not a
discussion complete discussion that like
it has been your favorite part of this
conference well it's the organizer my
favorite part of the conference hasn't
we've been having all these wonderful
scientists here at our institution so we
have a relatively small group here but
we're doing a lot of active stuff on ATN
and to have basically the world brain
trust people who all are interested in
the same stuff that we are interested in
here in our beautiful little town
has just been the best so you had a
wonderful week